the team that they're gonna be problems ahead rough waters ahead usually
you can spot some of them if the team is not performing this mission
if you can't stand to watch if the watch is not quiet okay you want
a quiet walk she who bought the box to just turn over and everything
happens on Saddam you switch the boilers out you switch the gas
turbine generators from one hour to one bottle use your boarding number
three gas turbine generator and put number one and all the way
up to if the team can live very that out without significant strongly
for the patient with consternation that's a problem so just a little
watch which means you need to walk or stand walk a good watcher is
nothing happens the point of happens that's perfect for C. as you
watch all for nothing happens you execute the plan so that's perfect
nothing happens